hamas's top political leader says the
death of his three sons in an Israeli
air strike won't influence ceasefire
talks in Cairo is mahan's Sons were
traveling in a vehicle in the Gaza Strip
when they were targeted by an Israeli
drone Hamas which led the terror attack
on Israel in October says at least three
of the leaders grandchildren were also
killed in the strike the latest round of
talks to agree a temporary ceasefire in
Gaza has been ongoing since
Sunday
a strike to the heart of Hamas that
killed three of the group's most
prominent figures the sons of hamas's
leader isma
Han they were here to visit the families
of people who have been
killed it could have been a terrible
Massacre because these streets are
always busy luckily they only targeted
them there are always so many children
in this area the Israeli Army says the
brothers had conducted militant activity
in the central Gaza Strip describing one
of them as a cell
Commander their father Ismael Hanya is
hamas's diplomatic face he lives outside
of Gaza and has acted as a negotiator in
truce talks since the War
Began the deaths of his sons commas new
ceasefire talks in Cairo drag on without
sign of a
breakthrough the latest proposal which
Hamas says it's studying reportedly
includes the release of 40 Israeli
hostages being held in Gaza in return
for hundreds of Palestinians from
Israeli
jails hania says the attack will not
change the group's demands but concerns
are growing that it could tarnish months
of talks especially after they appeared
to be gathering Steam in recent
days DW correspondent Tanya ker has more
on this what signals is Israel sending
with this strike on Han's
Sons well the Israeli military didn't
really go into details about its
operational tactics behind uh that
strike but they said that there were
operatives within with the Kasam
brigades that's hamas's military Wing
other than being also the sons of uh the
Hamas leader isal Han now some here
argue that this is of course part of
Israel's uh strategy of maximum pressure
uh on Hamas and also showing Hamas they
can strike anywhere everywhere uh but
this strategy so far hasn't resulted in
uh putting enough pressure it seems on
Hamas to come uh to a new agreement we
just heard it in the report uh the
negotiations uh are ongoing and we also
heard from the Hamas leader is H is
saying that this would not change
hamas's demands but it comes of course
at a critical
time the consequences for a hostage deal
Tanya well we've been uh hearing uh that
uh Hamas is now expected to respond to a
proposal that has been hammered out by
the mediators Qatar Egypt and also uh
the United States uh we have heard some
officials in recent days from Hamas
rejecting this proposal but Hamas has
put out a statement saying they're still
studying it so there's the expectation
that there will some uh sort of answer
soon now the main sticking points from
the point of view of Hamas were that
they want to see a full ceasefire they
want to see a full withdrawal of Israeli
forces and also uh uh a return of
displaced uh people and residents of
Northern Gaza to uh the north of Gaza
Israel has called some of these demands
delusional in the past days they want to
see at least 40 hostages uh released
these will be mainly a women uh elderly
also the two children that are there
it's unclear whether five female
soldiers would be part of it in exchange
for Palestinian prisoners held in
Israeli uh prisons and of course also
this would mean a a temporary uh
ceasefire at least as's talk about a
four to six weeks uh uh a temporary
ceasefire but again we don't don't know
all these details we need a lot of
clarifications on that and we will have
to wait and see how these talks progress
the ladies from DW correspondent tanyaa
in
Jerusalem